README.md, before:

# Flutter Instagram offline-first Clone

![coverage][coverage_badge]
[![style: very good analysis][very_good_analysis_badge]][very_good_analysis_link]
[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]
 
<div>
<h1><a href="https://youtu.be/xr56AjdGf-o"><strong>Watch complete tutorial »</strong></a></h1>
<a href="https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug_report.md&title=fix%3A+">Report Bug .</a>
<a href="https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement%2C+feature&projects=&template=feature_request.md&title=feat%3A+">Request Feature</a>
</p>
</div>

 ## 💫 About The Project

[![Github-repository-preview.png](https://i.postimg.cc/52v6WG4V/Github-repository-preview.png)](https://youtu.be/xr56AjdGf-o)

Most people always wanted to see a Flutter project that is not just a clone but a real-world app with a real-world architecture, that will cover all-in-one: sleek UI with blazingly-fast backend. And, try to imagine, without a Firebase as a primary service…

I present for you Flutter **offline-first** Instagram clone, leveraging Flutter best practices!

I am 100% sure this project and guide will impress you, regardless of your current experience.

It's not just another Instagram clone... You will learn comprehensively everything and beyond to be a real-world app creator.

This repository will enhance your skills so much that after you will be fully-capable of building your very own comprehensive applications with confidence and no fear.

Moreover, you are going to learn how to create a completely **offline-first** application. It means that every single in-app feature is accessible with no internet connection!

 ## ⚡️ Built With

- [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/)
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- [PowerSync](https://www.powersync.com/)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)

 ## 🚀 Getting Started

Watch my free complete [**tutorial**](https://youtu.be/xr56AjdGf-o) on my channel!

With a step-by-step explanation, ensuring very smooth watching experience, you will learn to build Flutter real-world applications with confidence and no fear!

**Don't forget to give a video like and subscribe to the channel! Thanks!**

 ## ⭐️ Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request
 ## 📝 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.
 ## 💭 Contact

- Twitter - [@Emil Zulufov (ezIT)](https://twitter.com/EmdyEmil)
- Email - emilzulufov.commercial@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone](https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone)
 ## 🎯 Acknowledgments

This tutorial is highly inspired by a very popular Flutter News toolkit, make sure to check it out!

And you can watch my blog on medium.

- [flutter_news_toolkit](https://flutter.dev/news)
- [medium blog](https://medium.com/@emilzulufov566/become-flutter-successful-developer-in-days-1bb4ef47b305)

 ## ☕️ Support

Also, I would really appreciate any of your support! You can buy me a coffee and become a part of our beautiful community.

Your donation will hugely help me and it will allow me to keep the next beautiful videos and tutorials high-quality and free!

- [Ko-fi](https://kofi.com/emilzulufov)
- [PayPal](https://paypal.me/emilzulufov)


[coverage_badge]: coverage_badge.svg
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license_link]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis

Commit message:

chore: update dependencies and improve save functionality in stories_editor package
- Bumped versions of several dependencies including blurhash, video_compress, and insta_assets_crop.
- Added new dependencies gal and native_exif for enhanced image saving capabilities.
- Refactored save_as_image.dart to utilize gal for saving images with EXIF data.
- Updated README.md for clarity and added important migration notice.

README.md, after:

# Flutter Instagram offline-first Clone

![coverage][coverage_badge]
[![style: very good analysis][very_good_analysis_badge]][very_good_analysis_link]
[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]

<div>
<h1><a href="https://youtu.be/xr56AjdGf-o"><strong>Watch complete tutorial »</strong></a></h1>
<a href="https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug_report.md&title=fix%3A+">Report Bug .</a>
<a href="https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement%2C+feature&projects=&template=feature_request.md&title=feat%3A+">Request Feature</a>
</p>
</div>

## 💫 About The Project

[![Github-repository-preview.png](https://i.postimg.cc/52v6WG4V/Github-repository-preview.png)](https://youtu.be/xr56AjdGf-o)

Most people always wanted to see a Flutter project that is not just a clone but a real-world app with a real-world architecture, that will cover all-in-one: sleek UI with blazingly-fast backend. And, try to imagine, without a Firebase as a primary service…

I present for you Flutter **offline-first** Instagram clone, leveraging Flutter best practices!

I am 100% sure this project and guide will impress you, regardless of your current experience.

It's not just another Instagram clone... You will learn comprehensively everything and beyond to be a real-world app creator.

This repository will enhance your skills so much that after you will be fully-capable of building your very own comprehensive applications with confidence and no fear.

Moreover, you are going to learn how to create a completely **offline-first** application. It means that every single in-app feature is accessible with no internet connection!

## ⚡️ Built With

- [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/)
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- [PowerSync](https://www.powersync.com/)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/)

## 🚀 Getting Started

Watch my free complete [**tutorial**](https://youtu.be/xr56AjdGf-o) on my channel!

With a step-by-step explanation, ensuring very smooth watching experience, you will learn to build Flutter real-world applications with confidence and no fear!

### ⚠️ Important Notice

**The tutorial was recorded more than 1 year ago**, so some code and Flutter SDK versions may differ from the current repository state.

**📋 For the latest setup instructions and migration guide, please refer to [MIGRATION.md](MIGRATION.md)** which contains:

- Updated Flutter SDK 3.35.7 setup instructions
- FVM (Flutter Version Management) recommendations
- Latest dependency versions and breaking changes
- Step-by-step migration guide from older versions

**Always use the latest `main` branch** of this repository as the source of truth, rather than following the tutorial code exactly.

**Don't forget to give a video like and subscribe to the channel! Thanks!**

## ⭐️ Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

## 💭 Contact

- Twitter - [@Emil Zulufov (ezIT)](https://twitter.com/EmdyEmil)
- Email - emilzulufov.commercial@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone](https://github.com/Gambley1/flutter_instagram_offline_first_clone)

## 🎯 Acknowledgments

This tutorial is highly inspired by a very popular Flutter News toolkit, make sure to check it out!

And you can watch my blog on medium.

- [flutter_news_toolkit](https://flutter.dev/news)
- [medium blog](https://medium.com/@emilzulufov566/become-flutter-successful-developer-in-days-1bb4ef47b305)

## ☕️ Support

Also, I would really appreciate any of your support! You can buy me a coffee and become a part of our beautiful community.

Your donation will hugely help me and it will allow me to keep the next beautiful videos and tutorials high-quality and free!

- [Ko-fi](https://kofi.com/emilzulufov)
- [PayPal](https://paypal.me/emilzulufov)

[coverage_badge]: coverage_badge.svg
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license_link]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis
